My name is Sai Nikhil. I am currently pursuing graduate education in Applied Mathematics at Northeastern University. I previously worked at Microsoft, Hitachi, Oracle, and Altair Engineering, where, as part of my work, my development involved writing code in areas like Image Processing, Optical Character Recognition, Enterprise Application Development, etc.,

I completed my undergraduate education in Civil Engineering in May 2013 from a reputed institution in India, the Indian Institute of Technology - Kharagpur (IIT Kharagpur). Even though my major was Civil Engineering, my primary interest since childhood is in the subject of mathematics and this steered my interest in learning Data Structure and Algorithms course. I started my career as an R & D Engineer at Altair Engineering (Kindly, refer to my personal website https://saint1729.me for more info on my education and employment) and to date, I have a great passion for learning new stuff in the field of Computer Science.

I have completed Prof. Andrew Ng's "Machine Learning" course in 36 days (in spite of my hectic work schedule) and achieved a 100% grade. Apart from this, I completed courses "Algorithm Toolbox", "Discrete Math and Analyzing Social Graphs", "Calculus and Optimization for Machine Learning", "First Steps in Linear Algebra for Machine Learning", "Probability Theory and Statistics" from Coursera.

I am currently a student and have no source of income. I can do content editing and assistantship to the course by putting extra effort into grading peers' assignments. I can actively participate in group discussions and share/gain knowledge by clarifying/reading peer posts. I will follow the Coursera terms and conditions and I am totally against code plagiarism and would complete the coursework honestly with my sincere effort.

I would like to enter the Machine Learning field after my graduate education. I want to complete a few courses that teach good fundamental knowledge before I take them at an advanced level in graduate education. The knowledge I get by completing this course on Coursera will also help me crack tough technical interviews.
